hello movie fans and welcome to another
video with movie reveals looking to
check out some great south korean cinema
there are 15 korean movies to watch on
netflix right now
it seems safe to say that south korea is
quickly taking over the movie industry
with recent international hits like
train to busan the handmaiden and
parasite to name a few korea has proven
itself a force to be reckoned with when
it comes to movies the country keeps
churning out hits and while korean
creators clearly have a knack for
specific genres like psychological
thrillers and zombie films there are
many fantastic korean movies of all
genres so if you are looking for a film
to watch while browsing netflix check
out these 15 great korean movies that
the streaming platform has on offer
night in paradise if you are looking for
a classic crime thriller the likes of
which south korean filmmakers are known
for then the netflix original movie
night in paradise is a great choice it's
basically about a mobster who denies an
offer to join a rival gang resulting in
the murder of his entire family he then
retaliates by killing the men
responsible before fleeing to an island
there he meets a woman who suffers from
a terminal illness and has little time
left to live and the two form a
connection
unfortunately his troubles follow him to
the island as the gang hunts him down
south korea has a talent for creating
complex and exciting revenge stories
with fascinating and heroes this one is
a skilled assassin whose life gets
turned upside down by his loyalty and
the one thing he cares about his family
is taken away from him
in the woman he finds someone who has
gone through a similar situation and
ends up alone but doesn't want to be and
so they begin to form a life together
their relationship becomes the emotional
centerpiece of an action-packed violent
story of vengeance
time to hunt
another netflix original time to hunt is
a thriller set in a dystopian near
future in which poverty is even more
widespread and destructive a group of
friends desperate to get out of the city
and start a better life decide to commit
one last heist together to get the cash
they need with a popular gambling house
their target while they successfully
pull off the heist stealing a large sum
of money and the security hard drives
the owners of the gambling house decide
to retaliate hiring a ruthless assassin
to hunt down the four friends and get
back what they stole
time to hunt is perfect for people who
like heist films or action-filled dramas
and the movie is sure to keep you on the
edge of your seat as the four friends
fight for their lives
space sweepers
korean movies cover all genres including
sci-fi space sweepers is set in the year
2092 after earth has become nearly
unlivable when everyone who is able has
gone out to space to live
a big corporation called uts has started
building an orbiting structure that
would bring selected citizens to live in
the constructed utopia but those without
riches or privilege are pretty much out
of luck and that includes the many who
work as space sweepers or people who
collect debris from the space around
earth to sell in order to survive
space sweepers focuses on a close-knit
crew of these workers must face off
against uts when they find a stowaway
little girl known as dorothy who is
highly desired by the corporation
uts claims that she is actually a robot
weapon but the crew can't help but fall
in love with the girl so they continue
to debate whether they should sell her
for riches or protect her from uts
soul searching
netflix's korean film offerings also
include 1980s set dream bees the 2016
film soul searching is about a group of
young korean men and women who were
adopted and grew up in places around the
world coming together for a summer camp
experience in seoul to connect and learn
about their heritage the movie is a
clear homage to the 80s era
it's a rare movie in its choice to focus
on the korean immigrant experience in
this way with the characters
representing a beautiful and unique
blend of cultures that are rarely
showcased on screen
on top of that soul searching is a laugh
out loud comedy with some really great
romance between various central
characters
tune in for love
tune in for love is a sweet love story
that takes place over years following
star-crossed lovers through the many ups
and downs of their relationship
first meeting in a bakery the two broke
close but strange situations seem to
always drive them apart whether it's a
lost email password a broken phone or
even jail time the two can't seem to
catch a break despite that they continue
to search for one another over the years
determined to be with the other person
no matter what obstacles of life stand
in the way
if you are in the mood for a heartfelt
subtle romance tumen for love is the
perfect choice
okiya
while a majority of this film is in
english it is still very much a south
korean film
okay is the story of a young girl who
makes it her mission to rescue the super
pig she raised named okia
the animal is part of a major experiment
for the meat industry led by a power
hungry american company with the end
goal being okyo's consumption it's
definitely a commentary on capitalism in
america along with the brutal treatment
of animals in the food industry most
notably pigs the story of okiyada is
heart-wrenching funny and beautiful and
it definitely forces you to think about
what sort of food we consume and how it
gets from the farm to the stomach
forgotten the psychological thriller
forgotten focuses on a young man who
lives a humble life with his parents and
older brother one night he sees his
brother kidnapped by men on the street
but 19 days later his brother returns
seemingly fine and acting like nothing
even happened
while everything returns to normal he
notices stark differences in the way his
brother is acting and soon enough he's
convinced that it's a different person
as other strange things start happening
he works to uncover the truth of what
really happened the night of his
brother's kidnapping but his search
leads him down a deep rabbit hole that
digs up more revelations about himself
and his brother overall forgotten is a
bit hard to explain because if i were to
get any deeper than this i might just
reveal some of the shocking twists and
turns of this puzzling thriller
forgotten is a truly unpredictable story
that anyone who loves movies like
momento or i saw the devil should
immediately add to their netflix watch
list
the bros
the bros is a hilarious misadventure of
two very different estranged brothers
who are forced to work together after
their father dies as they go through all
the traditions of a korean funeral
the older more immature brother history
teacher whose one big dream is to
discover secret treasure on the family's
land while the meticulous ambitious
younger brother attempts to use the
funeral to convince his family to sell
the land the two haven't seen her talk
to one another since their mother's
funeral so there's a lot to work through
and to make matters worse the brothers
hit a woman on the way to their father's
funeral causing her amnesia the bros is
a dream bee that focuses on the brothers
as they rebuild their relationship
amidst this crazy situation it's
extremely funny and after their whole
story is revealed you can't help but
root for these meddlesome siblings and
the woman who brings them back together
psychokinesis
psychokinesis is one of korea's first
superhero movies about a down on his
luck security guard who isn't exactly
the type of person who you think would
become a hero
but after a strange meteor grants him
the power of telekinesis he attempts to
turn his life around and help his
estranged daughter save her business
from a mod controlled construction
company trying to kick her out
psychokinesis is filled with plenty of
action and comedy as the main character
bumbles his way through both becoming a
hero for the city and a better father
for his daughter the 2018 movie is an
underrated and thoroughly entertaining
alternative superhero story and it's
certainly one of netflix's current
hidden gems
the reservoir game the only documentary
on the list the reservoir game is the
story of journalist s investigation into
the whereabouts of a rumored stash of
funds held by the former south korea
president in 2013 a major development
deal was made between a big korean bank
and a bunch of investors but it fell
through before the project could be
constructed and the investors lost huge
amounts of money overnight
as president from 2008 to 2013 lee was
directly involved in the scheme and
suspected of squandering away a huge sum
of money while the former president was
recently sentenced to jail time for his
corrupt illegal activities the question
of the missing money remained on
reporter jew's mind and so he began a
deep investigation that led him to
travel all the way to canada to follow a
tip they received the documentary
presents a deep dive into the case and
how the scam was created and put in
motion
the true story of the reservoir game is
interesting and complex and it's a great
look at another instance of political
and financial corruption of those in
high positions of power along with a
group of people who are determined to
not let them get away with it
the drug king
the netflix original crime drama the
drug king depicts the life of a
low-level drug dealer who rises up to
become an infamous drug kempen the
character is based on a real man who
built a drug empire in the 1970s basing
his operations in busan the drug king is
an intense stylistic movie really
embracing the 1970s setting in korea
while never falling short on action and
drama as the lead fights to maintain his
position of power if you're looking for
something exciting and gritty the drug
king is the movie to watch
the call
if you want to watch a truly
mind-melting mystery thriller the call
is it
a young woman finds an old phone at her
childhood home that she starts getting
calls on
the strange thing is the woman on the
other line claims that she's calling
from 20 years in the past both women
live difficult and distressing lives and
so they find comfort and support while
talking to one another
but when the woman tries to help the
other through her knowledge of the
future she finds out that the
consequential changes to her own life
are much worse than she could have ever
imagined and the woman on the other end
of the line isn't quite who she thought
she was with a story that revolves
around the complicated concept of time
manipulation the call is a thrilling
worst case scenario about what might
happen if we could change the past the
film is led by two fantastically complex
main characters with constant twists
that you honestly will not see coming
wish you
another romance on the list wish you
follows a shy music obsessed keyboardist
named yoon samy who works at a major
record label
one day he sees a man named kang in sue
singing on the street and he falls in
love at first sight luckily for insu who
is on the verge of giving up on his
music career samy introduces insu's
music to his boss giving him a huge
opportunity
in order to work on his music ensue
moves into his new labels employee
housing with sangi as a manager of sorts
as they spend more and more time
together romantic feelings start to
develop and sangie discovers that his
love might not be as one-sided as he
thought wishu was a straightforward
movie but the love story between samy
and insu is very charming and cute and
it's a great film to watch if you need a
quick pick me up wish you was a part of
the slow progress of korea becoming more
open to same-sex relationships while it
was almost impossible to find any such
stories in korean entertainment just a
few years ago it is slowly growing more
mainstream and accepted and wish you as
evidence of that
hashtag alive while more zombie movies
and tv shows come out every year some
recent korean hits prove that there are
still plenty of entertaining and
innovative stories to tell in this genre
in hashtag alive a video game streamer
becomes stranded in his apartment after
a zombie apocalypse breaks out in seoul
as he slowly succumbs to hunger thirst
and depression he connects with another
survivor who lives in the apartment
building across from his the two gather
together and try to hold on to hope as
they do what they can to survive the
movie accurately embodies the fear and
depression of isolation that many
certainly felt or are feeling today
presenting a starkly human story within
a varied and human premise but don't
worry if you are still looking for the
trademarks of zombie films there's still
plenty of creepy dangerous zombies
running rampant through the film with
the two survivors doing their best to
fend them off and stay alive
the witch part one the subversion
the film is a mystery thriller centered
around an 18 year old girl named ya yoon
who secluded life with her adoptive
parents as appended when a group of
people come after her claiming that
she's the product of an experimental
program that trained children to become
violent weapons giving them supernatural
abilities as yayun does all she can to
protect her family from this
organization she begins to consider
whether or not they might be telling her
the truth and the memory loss of her
early childhood might be hiding a very
unnatural and violent beginning
as you can probably guess from this plot
summary it's a brutal no-holds-barred
movie with amazing action sequences and
an emotive complicated central character
seriously if you want to watch a
fast-paced and really unique mystery
thriller you need to check out this
movie now
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
feel free to comment down below and
don't forget to share some love
smash that like button go on
you know you want to
see you soon